My new program will let us detect
a Chaos Emerald anywhere
in the galaxy,
no matter how far away it may be.
All right, Sonic.
Whaddaya say we try it out?
Sure thing!
Okay.
Now we just connect it
to the main interface,
and we'll be on our way!
Knuckles, everything okay?
So far, so good.
Wow!
What's up? You got something?
Yeah, I'm detecting
a response already.
[Beeping]
It's thanks to you, Chris!
It's no big deal, really.
Sure it's a big deal!
I've built lots of neat stuff,
but I couldn't have come up with
something this good overnight.
[Chuckling sheepishly] Aw, come
on, Tails, you're embarrassing me.
Amy, what's the location?
The signal's coming from a
place called Planet Breezy.
That sounds cool.
Okay, Planet Breezy, here we come!
We're on our way!
Engage warp field driver!
Warp field ready.
Let's go!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Electricity crackles]
[Sinister laughter]
[Evil laughter]
I'm a genius!
Sonic and those time-warping
nitwits can't shake me!
Not with my spanking-new,
all-space tracking system.
No matter what they
do, or where they go,
I'll be right behind them!
Throw it into Eggdrive!
Aye-aye, Doctor.
Hm?
[Beeping]
There it is, guys. Straight ahead.
But it looks like rough weather.
The whole planet's in the middle
of a terrible snowstorm.
[Gasp] Maybe the Metarex have
taken its Planet Egg away.
That would explain the weird
weather they're having.
Everything looks
so cold and lonely.
Even so, we have to go down
there and look for the Emerald.
Ready, Sonic?
Sure! Let's go!
ALL: Ah!
Chao chao chao!
[All gasp]
What is that thing, Chris?
It's a Metarex.
[High-pitched roaring]
[All scream]
[Alarms sound]
Hang on, guys!
I'm gonna have to bring
it in for a landing!
Knuckles, do we have any damage?
I'm afraid so.
Looks like Engines 1
and 3 have been hit.
We'll have to fix 'em, or we'll
never get off the ground.
Oh, great.
My tracking system indicates
Sonic's somewhere on this planet.
Which means those nasty creatures
will be coming soon to
try and destroy him.
The Metarex?
And it's very likely we'll
come under attack, too,
unless we play a subtle
game of subterfuge.
We're gonna play a game!
Go on, get busy!
[Grunting]
What game do you play with these?
There's no game!
Go out and make sure
the ship won't be seen!
ROBOTS: Huh? Huh.
EGGMAN: Now get moving!
I want this thing in
an igloo by nightfall!
Hmm.
Yes, Doctor.
[Sigh]
Well, at least Rouge isn't here.
Really?
BOKUN: Oh?
ROUGE: [Laughter]
This isn't my day.
If I didn't know better, I might
think you're not happy to see me.
Oh, no, Rouge! Don't think that!
Oh, I'm glad,
because I've got another tiny little
favor I need you to do for me.
Huh?
You will help me, won't you?
Aw...
Aargh!
Let's get this snow on the road!
[Chuckling]
[Grunt] It might be...
SONIC: Oof.
CHRIS: ...deep.
[Muffled sounds]
Don't worry. I packed
some new snowshoes.
[Muffled struggling]
Got any earmuffs?
What are you doing?
I'm trying to listen.
Trying to listen to what?
If this tree is still alive,
I will hear it's life force.
I knew we were too late.
Don't worry, Cosmo.
Maybe it'll come to
life again next spring.
There won't be a spring.
Hm.
If the Metarex had already
taken the Planet Egg away,
there'd be no reason for them
to still be hanging around.
Maybe it's because the
Egg's still here someplace!
If that's true, we have
to try and find it.
We don't have time.
If we find it, this planet
might have a chance to survive.
I know we came here
for a Chaos Emerald,
but couldn't we look
for a Planet Egg, too?
No way.
What do you think, Sonic?
The Blue Typhoon's damaged.
Maybe we could use the X Tornado.
If we look for the Egg,
we might find the Emerald.
Then I say we do it!
[Chuckling]
Thank you both.
This planet will be
so grateful to you.
Oh, all right, let's go!
[Beeping]
Our enemies have arrived.
[Metarex growl in reply]
[All snoring]
Rouge really did it this time!
Hot chocolate with sleeping powder!
I knocked those three out for good.
While they're sleeping, I'll be on
the lookout for the Chaos Emerald.
Oh! Unless I go snow blind!
There they are.
We're ready for 'em!
[Roaring]
Let's go!
[Grunt] Got it!
[Roaring]
[Sounds of fighting]
[Metarex grunt in pain]
Don't let 'em get away, Chris!
I won't!
[Roaring]
[Gasp]
[Loud rumbling]
I think we're in big trouble.
Oh, no!
[Crash]
Back to the repair shop...
Hey, look!
Wow.
It's unbelievable!
Chao chao!
Wh-wh-whoa!
Ooof!
Sonic! Use this!
[Grunt]
Oof!
Wouldn't happen to have one of
those things for me, would ya?
CHRIS: Sorry, Knuckles, I
only had time to make one!
Yeah? Well, that's-
Oof!
I don't get any respect.
No respect at all!
[Grunting]
According to the scanner, the
Chaos Emerald's in the center of
that ice palace.
Roger! But first things first!
Hang on, Knuckles!
Haha!
[Roaring]
Oof!
[Grunting]
How will we ever defeat them all
when there's so many of them?
Good question.
My, my, my.
All that sparkling ice makes this
place look like a 24-karat castle.
Hm?
[Roaring]
Get lost!
[Grunting]
Huh?
Huh.
[Grunt]
[Grunting]
Well, here it is.
[Ice breaking]
Sonic, can you get it out of there?
I'll try.
Mm-mm.
Leave this to me!
[Grunting]
Oof.
That ice is harder than a diamond!
Of course it is.
If it were not, we would be at
the mercy of thieves like you.
Come out where we can see you!
Very well.
Keep your eyes on the Emerald.
Whoa!
[Sinister laughter]
You don't scare me!
Aah! [Grunt]
Hm!
Oof.
Now I will destroy you.
Huh.
Whoa!
It's getting power
from the Emerald.
[Sinister laughter]
Run!
Oh!
[Panting]
Rats!
[Growling]
Ha!
[Grunt]
Huh? Huh? Aah!
Oh!
Oh.
Ah.
Hang in there guys!
Aah!
Our cannon's frozen solid.
[Grunting]
The rockets didn't faze him.
Heads up, Sonic!
[Grunting]
Grrr...
[Roar]
[Grunt]
We've got to do
something to save him.
Ah?
Huh?
I'm sorry, Chris. I just
hit the laser beam.
Huh!
Great job, Cosmo! You're
a real life-saver!
Huh!
The laser beam sliced
right through the ice!
CHRIS: Knuckles, we're
headed for the engine room.
We're almost ready, Chris.
You see, all we have to do is get
Knuckles to power up the laser cannon,
and we'll be good to go.
Let's do it!
The seven Chaos Emeralds
are the servers.
Our hearts intensify their power.
Hm!
60, 70, 80, 90â
Energy charging sequence complete.
Fire!
Your weapons are of
no use against me!
[Roaring]
[All sighing]
Hm?
I found it!
Huh? Ah! Grr.
Thanks for doing the dirty work!
I owe you one, Knuckie!
You bring that back here!
Aah!
She just stole the Chaos Emerald!
Thanks very much for the update!
Hey, Knuckles, take a look at this!
The grass! It's growing!
Spring came after all!
And before you know it,
this place will be just as
green and beautiful
as it was before.
Sure! Happy, Cosmo?
Yes!
How dare you let them get away!
I ought to dismantle
you snoozing losers!
Don't blame us, Doctor.
You were snoozing, too!
We all fell asleep after Bokkun
brought us hot chocolate!
That's interesting.
Aah! I-it wasn't me who put
sleeping powder in your cocoa!
What?
I mean, marshmallows!
I'm not a very good traitor.
Huh. Huh?
Mmm.
That nasty snow-globe
was so windy and wintry,
even my gloves got goose-pimples.
Oh well! [Laughing]
Now I've got this hot little
baby to keep me warm.
Positively perfect!
Just get a load of that shine!
Wait a minute.
This is aâ
Fake!
After I took a real good
look at the response data,
I noticed something I hadn't
seen the first time.
The components of the Emerald
were off so slightly,
even the scanners
didn't pick it up.
I've reprogrammed them, Tails.
Next time, they'll only
respond to real Emeralds.
But what I can't figure out
is what that Metarex was
doing with a fake Emerald.
Maybe the fake Emerald was a decoy
the Metarex used to
throw us off the track.
Wait'll Rouge finds out
she filched a phony!
[Chuckling]
They think they can
fool me, do they?
We'll see about that!
[Crystal shatters]
I'll make them pay for this!
I promise, I'll make them pay!